[video_player] ios picture in picture (#6284)
flutter/plugins: packages/video_player/video_player/README.md

To learn about playback speed limitations, see the [`setPlaybackSpeed` method documentation](https://pub.dev/documentation/video_player/latest/video_player/VideoPlayerController/setPlaybackSpeed.html).

### Picture in Picture

#### iOS
On iOS the picture in picture is linked to the AVPlayerController.

> If you want to enable picture in picture make sure to enable the `audio` capability. (in Xcode it will also say, `audo, airplay & picture in picture`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to enable picture in picture make sure to enable the `audio` capability (in Xcode's UI it will say **Audio, AirPlay, and Picture in Picture**).
```

Author: Updated the documentation
